## Research on Student Goals
<p>In my many years of schooling, I have always set goals for myself. They were not grand goals but they were enough to motivate me to pursue post-secondary education in a field that I was interested in. Although I did not have large goals in life, I was still happy to have the small goals that I did have. By talking about the things I want to do in the future, I believe that it gives me some motivation to work towards those goals. I have lacked a lot of a vision for my future in the past, but I think that this exercise, as well as a future dreams assignment that I have in UX204 has been really helpful in letting me visualize what I want to achieve in life.</p>

<p>In the article, <i>Portfolios and E-Portfolios: Student Reflection. Self-Assessment, and Goal Setting in the Learning Process</i> by Susan Belgrad discusses the way students use motivation to push towards their goals. For example, it discusses how students can perceive the goal of the evaluation to be a controlling aspect on their behaviour, or use it as feedback and information that will help them move forwward in their determination for success (Belgrad, 2013, p. 37). In comparison to my goals, I believe that my goals continue to motivate me with feedback and information, pushing me towards improving myself rather than continuing in a stagnant stage in life. It is through these goals and aspirations that I wish to continue to grow and improve my person as I age.</p>

<p>Belgrad, S. (2013). Portfolios and E-Portfolios: Student Reflection. Self-Assessment, and Goal Setting in the Learning Process. In SAGE Handbook of Research on Classroom Assessment (pp. 331–346).</p>